Output consistency tests: extended README regarding exclusions (#19927)
MaterializeInc/materialize: test/output-consistency/README.md

* Generate expressions with aggregation functions
* Generate nested expressions

## Handle test failures
If there are any failures, validate them and create a ticket if appropriate.

Then, until the ticket is resolved, you can
* add ignores for inconsistencies in `misc/python/materialize/output_consistency/ignore_filter/inconsistency_ignore_filter.py`
* normalize error messages in `misc/python/materialize/output_consistency/validation/error_message_normalizer.py`

> Mention ignore entries or normalization in the ticket so that they can be reverted when the ticket is resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mention ignored entries or normalizations in the ticket so that they can be reverted when the ticket is resolved.
```
